[Applause]
[Music]
last year Peter Bogdanovich gave you the
moon
this year Peter Bogdanovich has made a
movie in color Daisy Miller starring
Cybill Shepherd simple Shepherd you
remember from The Heartbreak Kid and in
the last picture show
she's Daisy Miller second position here
we go ready
[Music]
please milem Daisy Miller the Daisy
seems to be happy anyway oh yeah it's on
account of the society I've always had a
great deal of gentleman society I see
she's made a great many acquaintances
I know ever so many people and they're
all so charming and then she knows a
great many gentlemen there all kinds
English Germans Italians very innocent
she's very reckless she's certainly
pretty nice she's a mystery funny
Am I Frederic she's a young lady who has
an intimacy with her Mama's Coria does
she an intimacy but what do you hear
about Daisy Miller flirting with any man
she can pick out well what do you
believe now
she's just an American girl and that's
that mr. Winterbourne yes we'll use it
down today - you think I'm teasing
aren't you
I really think you should stop stop
encouraging the girl floating with
yourself
you're old enough dear Miss Miller to be
talking about talked about what do you
mean I don't think I want to I don't
think I'd like wouldn't it be funny if
they were both perfectly innocent and
sincere and had no idea the impression
they're creating
no it wouldn't be funny
[Music]
Daisy Miller she did as she pleased
[Applause]
[Music]